res://scenes/world.tscn
res://pghandle.gd
res://RichTextLabel.gd
res://actors/player.tscn
res://paginas/primeira pagina.tscn
res://paginas/TEMPLATE.tscn
res://paginas/INICIO.tscn
res://paginas/meio.tscn
res://paginas/anda1.tscn
res://paginas/anda2.tscn
res://paginas/anda3.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/se questiona.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/olhando pra cima.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/TEMPLATE.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/direcao.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/nao enxergar.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/estende as maos.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/voce pula.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/para baixo.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/cabe a voce.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/toma consciencia.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/sequer tem corpo.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/descobrir.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/nunca houve.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/tenta.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/descanso.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/se abaixa.tscn
res://paginas/caminho roxo/black mirror.tscn
res://paginas/caminho verde/espera tanto.tscn
res://paginas/caminho verde/indecisao.tscn
res://paginas/caminho verde/vazio.tscn
res://paginas/caminho verde/ja que insiste.tscn
res://paginas/caminho verde/tem certeza.tscn
res://paginas/caminho verde/ja que insiste.gd
